I wanted to tell you very simply before telling you this salsa, let's go through it here with you
because I haven't seen the video but I'm
going to watch it here with you because I
think it's impressive, it's true, it's like that,
okay, it turns out that Jordi Machiavelli has
been answering me in my videos, that
is,
leaving a comment but with
a lot of text, he activated himself instead of
coming instead of coming to debate with me
and answer me well in conditions with the
turkey tell me for a comment with a lot of
text he calls me dog and
pet in the comment he makes
excuses again he made up a movie
saying like no that Win Michu
told him and asked him but that he was already
thinking of deleting the tweet in two
ways but a lie that
he doesn't even believe it seems that he has fatal and without
dignity
Jordi Machiavelli okay but well what
I want to keep from the comment
okay from this man without dignity from this
hypocritical man portrayed false ally and
pet of Win Michu okay it's with this
part okay what I want to keep
is with this part second with Dallas
empathized
[Music]
With Dallas, I've empathized on several
occasions, saying on both Twitter and
YouTube that the incident with
the minors was disproportionate and
terrible, but that doesn't mean I can
take away all the [ __ ] he's said,
done on the internet, I still hate him like
[ __ ], but obviously not to the point of
calling him a pedophile or accusing him of a
crime, you [ __ ]
liar, you [ __ ]
liar, Jordi, not with me,
Jordi, not worth it, you being a show-off with
the four pairs, what you can do, okay, you being a show-
off with the four parallel lines,
that you're limping here and there, but it's
not worth it with me, that's why he won't come and will
never come to a debate here to show his
face, okay, because you know that I'm going to give you
the ride of your life, and on the way,
Machiavelli, if you dare to come
here, I'm going to throw a bunch of your garbage
and if not, and if weeks and
weeks go by and I get bored, okay, I
think that's fast, and you don't dare to come
or you don't apologize to me for
calling me dogs or pets, you're going to eat
a gay.  not see that you have things at the
same level as everyone who
appears in my gay not see because with me not
Jordi Machiavelli with me you have made
a mistake okay wing michu mascot
with me you have taken the wrong path
repeat and make it very clear okay you
had no empathy
delete the tweet because you are a
ball eater win michu that clear of
taking the pretty Jordi more than a dog it
was exactly exactly the year the
mascotita the mascotita that not even
mascotita happens that he wants to be
adopted okay Machiavelli you deleted the tweet
because you are h the pants you put together
Vaseline and ate the other's balls
because you are a suck up to the
big youtubers that are of your ideology okay
period I could be a suck up but he is a coward
okay you insult me ​​for free because you
are a [ __ ] pimp but you don't have the
balls to come here to debate with me and let me
leave you like a rag and show you
that you had Russell and because
the other asked you to and you obey orders because that is what you
are a  servant okay Jordi without
personality
and servant that's what you are a
servant balls without personality
with me shot sold the other day in a
live and said that he had sent you the little
message that they had sent him and I in
support in the comments that they put to him not at
all okay but you have supported you
piece of hypocrite that they put
worse comments hard to the okay I
am not anyone's pet for defending him
in is my love and nar I have my
personality I go about my thing
up and down now of course if I
see someone slandering him
and of course when I see someone who
slanders him, defames him and then is a
hypocrite and banalities I hit you in the
mouth and whoever is Machiavelli
okay I'm going to make it clear to you Machiavelli you
are a hypocrite you are a servant okay you
deleted the tweet because he asked you to okay
because you got excited because he
followed you ok he followed you
how exciting and you delete the tweet
running running correct the tweet
okay like a good servant  removed from
the correct okay second you wanted to
put on a medal that didn't correspond to you
because on top of the servant you always
want to be good there is a
progressive reality so that you are accepted into the flock
okay not me I have my personality I
think what comes out of me from young people not
like you was thank you very much welcome
okay machiavelli 2 insults me
for free with an insult that
you are ok and 3 you
went around calling a kid a coward
because he told you I don't know what in a live or
in a turn agreement and calls him a coward and a
clown for not wanting to face you in
a debate okay and you don't have the balls to
come here to a debate with me because I'm
going to pull garbage for you for seven
years so that they are canceled okay well it is
a great debate I put you right here
okay you are not coming to a debate two ions
apologize for having enjoyed me okay
apologize for these things okay
apologize for it is saved and do not be
false to put yourself here and say that you have
had empathy the typical [ __ ] who
says the progressives do not give the if he is innocent he is
not  pedophile and all that but it still makes
me feel bad that I say that he is innocent
even if they are not pedophiles abuser does not
mean that they are not idiots or I
want to jump no you in addition to disliking him
in addition to thinking he is an
idiot and everything you want he
has slandered him and I have all yours
certified you are worth txirrita and tula
slandered and cinemas I read this was
last month clown
if this was last month giving
diffusion to a escrache where do they leave it about
pedophiles what [ __ ] liars I mean
today he put a
kilometer-long comment raptor thank you very much
today you put a
kilometer-long comment to tell me the
last lies that I see only with this he has already
dismantled you only with this you have already
dismantled
everything a point shitty comment okay
you come to debate and then back to me
the thing here in my face he put in
the comment I am not going to go because girls
pozzi and your children
hahahaha I am not going to go because study the
place is very cool if the other day I was
in  a live challenging some debates and he
was very cool you have to
play it was the one who didn't debate
with you
everyone knows what I eat friends of
Machiavelli come here and I'll tell you delete
the tweet because you're a ball okay
because you could have simply
blocked whoever was posting that
[ __ ] because if I want to post a
tweet from someone or some youtuber I
post it and if there's some [ __ ] posting
stupid things something that goes over the line I
block it or I answer him for example there he
played a joke on him good bug and there were
[ __ ] who were posting things and I
said hey let me make it clear that I'm not
laughing at him distribution will do that I
'm returning the joke because of what
Maradona said okay but you're a
p he is and on top of that you
wanted to put a medal on yourself when what
you did didn't come from your heart it came
from its servitude okay clown and then you
insult me ​​with projection
Santiago welcome you insult me ​​by
projection okay and on top of that he has the
balls to and out there challenging the
debate sect and  calling them coward when it doesn't
suit you sixth
hypocrite and false detail and liar
that this very afternoon more posted this in
the comment see if you are false and a
liar
see if it is false liar that this
very afternoon or rather we are no longer talking
about a year ago two years ago three
years ago no this very afternoon he had the
balls to put this in the
shitty comment that he made because he
posted a comment because
my three entire videos are messed up
and because he posted a comment because he
knows that the network has been left after the 2
welcome to giant mario network after the
2 like the false hypocrite that you are
Machiavelli okay false okay success when
was the selecta lb in this one it happens to me
now it was a month and a half ago no that it's
about funk soul and pop scream
lee must be lying or so p he is
okay know how to have a little dignity
recover a little of your dignity that you
know you are creating on the ground
recover a little of your dignity
and come on to a debate or excuse me since I don't
ask you more we stop with this apologize
if javi me  you get it you don't care that's how
a man would do it Jordi Machiavelli if Javi you
catch me you don't care I wanted to give myself an
empathy medal when I don't have
a [ __ ] of empathy I did it because
Win Michu asked me to
okay and on top of being a bootlicker I
gave myself a medal that I was empathetic
and I don't have empathy I go where
the mob goes where the mob harasses there's a
studio where the
progressive fashions go there I am okay and on top of that Xavi
insults you for free he insults you and they
try to denigrate you for free I'm sorry I
apologize if I offended you that's it
Jordi with that pick up the cable and you're going to
[ __ ] yourself okay it could be false but if
not even how I have come to like him at
some point it doesn't fail it doesn't fail the video
that I don't care about people's ideology I
promise you I'm going my way that
everyone has their ideals
that everyone thinks how they have to
think that everyone has their opinion whatever it is I don't care I
have my
best friends are leftist I don't
care but one failure no matter how progressive no matter
progressive
you can be left-wing and not be a
problem progress is not the same as
progressive as not manipulating and it's worth a
progressive is facts those who are good you
look exaggerated if they want to put a
medal with a completely exaggerated do-gooderism
okay like the one they came out with in
the interview made about the coronavirus at
the demonstration on the 8th - manu manu his
name was not a man without a bald head no so I was
going to the demonstration to see if I
could get it I imagine no no no no the
coronavirus doesn't exist what exists is
machismo it creates every time a progressive
doesn't fail if he doesn't give you the entrance he
gives it to you at the exit there you have it jordi
maquiavelo eh
gratuitously I didn't insult him or
attack him or anything simply when I saw his
tweet the hypocrisy burned me over here I
told him and because he has empathy here and
not here and now he called me a dog he called me a pet he
called me a clown anything goes that's a
reality once again proven